University Admin User Story: User Story:

Nadgiel is the university administrator who works on location three times a week and remotely the other two days. The tutor application has a very low priority for him except when the directors and dean ask for reports on how many have been done, what the student ratings are and any complaints with the system.

In order to be able to self-manage the system, he logs into his account which has the capability to update his personal portfolio information in addition to resetting his password should he forget his. In order to login, two factor authentication is required (as it is for all administrators).
Once logged in, he sees the standard university administrator dashboard which tracks statistics over time of number of tutor requests, number fulfilled, number of student cancellations/no-shows, number of tutor cancellations/no-shows. For each incident, he can deep dive by clicking on the appropriate stat which provides more detail. Nadgiel can also ask the application administrators questions associated which each stat when he needs to follow up on specific items not automatically updated by the system. This could include, but is not limited to, seeing that the same tutor/student combination has cancelled three times in a row - he may ask for the student to go through a specific request process before getting another chance (this could later be changed into an option that each university sets: x no-shows = email tutor requests to section directors).
Also available (highlighted as a notice) on the dashboard should be the system availability time, time to average response, any downtime (encountered or anticipated) along with the reason, solution and estimated time to fix.
Finally, Nadgiel should be able to message a student or their student advisor/faculty advisor directly from the dashboard either by searching on individuals name or by association for any of the reports provided (Amy missed two sessions, while looking at the reason why, there should be a link or chat box available to contact Amy or her advisor).