User: Maria (Tutor)

Maria is living in Kaiserslautern, Germany at the Ramstein Air Force Base where her husband is currently stationed.  She would like to work and has been having a difficult time finding employment in Germany.  She does not have a Work Visa nor does not speak the language, both of which contribute to her difficulties.  A fellow air force wife told her about an online tutoring job that sounds perfect for her.  She checks out the website and is greeted with an informative page depicting what the company has to offer students as well as a place for her to send in her resume. She decides to apply.  With her B. A. in Mathematics and her fluency in Spanish, she is a great fit for the job.  On her first day she is pleased with how intuitive and easy to use the application is.  She visits the main page and clicks the login button at the top.  A form pops up that asks with a dropdown who she is logging in as: Student, Tutor or Administrator.  She chooses Tutor and enters her username and password.  She is then brought to her personal dashboard.  Here she can set up her qualifications, view descriptions and syllabus of the classes being taught in her area of expertise.  She can also set up her availability and the application is intuitive enough to factor in the time difference when students schedule a session with her. She can also specify which type of session she is available for, video or direct messaging There is an area where she can see a log of the hours she has worked as well as a calendar with all her upcoming sessions. Maria is very pleased with this job because no matter where her husband is stationed she is able to maintain this position. 
