Tutor:

Linda is the spouse of a deployed veteran. While her husband is deployed out of the country, Linda works at a tutor for an organization that links spouses like her, with students in need of specialized tutoring services. 

Linda sets up her schedule to be available for students from 8am-8pm, so she can allocate time for scheduled appointments and for quick, impromptu meetings with students that need general help or just need to have a quick session during the day. Luckily for Linda, her organization is very flexible with her schedule, which provides her with the ability to extend meeting with students should she need to, or allocate her time to other matters that require her attention.

Linda receives a request from a student, named Michael, to book a consultation concerning his GPA and a course that he’s currently struggling with, Calculus. Linda reviews her calendar to confirm her availability with the student and sends Michael a private message to discuss his needs further. The two communicate Michael’s needs more clearly, to which Linda then suggests a conference to begin his tutoring. Linda provides Michael with her open dates and times, and Michael decides to schedule a Friday morning appointment with Linda. Michael discloses that his schedule is fairly hectic due to his job’s scheduling nature, and notifies that if he is called in, he would need to work that day. Linda assures Michael that he can simply reschedule at a time more convenient for him through the rescheduling feature on the tutoring website. Linda sends a confirmation message to Michael that contains the date and time, as well as directions for attending the video conference through the application.

Friday comes around and Linda logs into the application. The first thing she does is check her notifications and messages to ensure she has not missed anything with her other students. After going through her starting routine, she receives a notification from the application that she is scheduled for a tutoring service with Michael 1 hour prior to the meeting, which gives her enough time to prepare for her upcoming session. Linda is able to review Michael’s file to determine what specific areas in Calculus he is having trouble with, and she plans for the best possible method to assist him. 

The meeting begins and both Linda and Michael join the session. With access to Michael’s file, Linda is able to pinpoint what particular areas he’s dealing with the most, and assists him with the fundamental problems he’s having, with the goal of reinforcing his basic understanding, so he may be able to take on more complex challenges. Once the meeting has concluded, Linda sends an email with a recording of their meeting, so Michael may reference the concepts discussed later, on his own time, and they schedule a follow-up session.
