Student:

Michael is a first year student enrolled at the Valencia College. Michael’s GPA is currently above a 3.5, however, he’s struggling to understand the material in his Calculus class, as Advanced Math is not his strongest subject. He’s concerned about the eligibility of his scholarship if he drops below a 3.5 and he knows that he has to do well on the midterms and finals of his Calculus class to ensure his GPA stays above the 3.5 threshold. 

With increasing concern regarding his GPA and his midterms slowly approaching, Michael decides to look into tutoring options provided by the school. Upon reviewing the Syllabus for tutoring options, he is alerted to a free, online tutoring service provided by the school for students. Relieved, he clicks on the link to the online tutoring service and from following the necessary prompts for signing up for the site, he begins searching for a tutor. Based on his current GPA and his coursework history, the site suggests a tutor in Calculus, which so happens to be the course he’s looking to obtain additional help with. He provided with a couple different options for tutors and selects a tutor that best matches his schedule, Linda.

Within minutes of booking a consultation service with Linda to discuss his concerns and what he would like help learning, he receives a message from Linda to exchange pleasantries and discuss scheduling options for their first meeting/consultation. Michael and Linda decide on a date and time, and within minutes, Michael receives an email notification confirming his appointment with Linda and also has it linked to his Google Calendar for an additional reminder to make room for it in his schedule.

The day of the tutor meeting, Michael signs in to the application and connects to the conference with Linda through the application and the two discuss his concerns regarding his GPA, scholarship, and the subject he’s struggling with. Together, Michael and Linda are able to develop a plan that is engaging and hands on for Michael’s style of learning, and after a couple of sessions with Linda, Michael is better equipped to handle the course content of his Calculus class. Michael receives an email notification to take a brief survey to rate the tutoring services provided by Linda, to which he provides high marks for her knowledge and professionalism.

With the tutoring services provided by Linda, Michael is able to pass his midterm with an above average grade, securing his GPA for his scholarship, and providing him with a renewed sense of confidence going into his finals.
